### Building and running the server
* If you are building the first time `npm install`
* Using local machine
  * To start the node server `npm start`
  * `gulp watch` in another terminal to ensure that client-side JS files have complied automatically after the changes are saved.
* At this point, you should be able to access http://localhost:3000/ to start your test.

### Helpful extension for VScode
There is a list of helpful vscode extensions for this project is recommended in this repository and during your first load vscode will prompt you to install those [extensions](./.vscode/extensions.json).

## Build and Release
This repository follows semantic versioning and uses [Semantic-release](https://semantic-release.gitbook.io/semantic-release/) library. This repo is configured to generate a release version on the master branch based on the commit message. 

* Builds are generated using Github Action pipeline 
* Master branch automatically generates semantic release version based on the commit message.
* Build updates package.json with version number and push to GitHub
* Build also publish [changelog.md](./CHANGELOG.md) and release to GitHub.

### Commit message
It is important to have our commit message properly formatted to ensure an automated changelog and release version generated by the semantic-release library.

[Commitizen](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=KnisterPeter.vscode-commitizen) extension for visual studio will help generate proper commit message.

* Choose a `type` of change
* Add ticket number for `scope`
* Add your commit `message`

